And there it is only a beauty today I will not
The mother is there and people are worth our
left
Hey, guys, beauty, I'm going to make one today.
challenge I've been seeing on the internet
who seems to be crazy but I do not know if it is
not to cause children of them when we will see if
I need you and I'll even help you with people.
Talk about the challenge is simple, you go.
need ice and are good people in that
challenge you will put the salt in your hand and
on the foot
I do not want to put the salmon business hurts
hold the salt in your hand and you will put
the ice with ice in hand I come back one more
ice to show that it 's just every male
Then you will close your hand and it will stay the
How long will you be holding?
Let's see how long I can handle this.
business here
this
no name
who do you think I was going to fucking?
this business from which our security that
black spot 43 seconds one looks like
I got my hand
It hurts, I managed to stay 42 seconds.
did not get 42 seconds but I'm going
this is because then I'll see if I can
I can stay at least the pilot.
You think it's more than that, I do not think
walked
I'll try again in a day too, I'll reserve.
not only put a penguin is not only
a personal male goat with pine only go
put it all here 3g
only when she was already dead with her
Monday 12
ai ai ai 21 is still following the oie
I was able to meditate on my
47 in the fourth arm was as suffer oie
50 father will fall a lot
when what makes a child 1,711
- I saw the staff male goat conversion
I held a 7 minute
I'm in pain
good staff challenge is this
good people, I hope you have
liked the video I would be challenging the
my friend on the line the vice is the opposite
good people, I hope you have
liked this video would be challenging the
My friend is a rival in mine and the
his channel is in the information box if
you want to check it out and
did you like it
click I liked it if you are not a channel
write there to help and share
on your social networks
A hug bye bye